Beatpack

Let’s improve the page that shows when we click on vzhled obchodu In the studio.  I really don’t like the beat player styles. We want all 3 versions of the beat player to have the same width. The width of each of the three players should be the same width as three fifths of the whole width of the page.  I see the live preview of the users shopfront and I don’t like how it’s looking. Let’s move some elements to a modal that should be created. This modal should be called music producer modal and it should open centered in the middle of the page when we click on users logo (the same logo artist can upload in the studio)   the beat player should be nicely designed according to web design standards of 2026 we design trends. We don’t need to show Popular tab in the beat player. Also each beat player should be inside a card that has two sections. Upper section to showcase the featured beat (artists should be able to select beats to highlight them here) the highlighted beat shows larger artwork and it also shows the timeline of the whole beat. The timeline should use ffmpeg to calculate and show the sound wave of the whole beat. On the left of the timeline there should be the current position when previewing and on the right side of the timeline there should be the whole length number (example: 3:04)   there should also be a player card that appears when we start previewing audio (it should smoothly slide in) it should show the timeline of the beat that’s playing. It should be within a pill that’s glossy glassmorphism   the different types of player should be: 1st option (has card around) 2nd option (doesn’t have card around) 3rd option - looks digital (like Winamp player)   so the live preview should show the preview of the storefront which should be like this from the top: header with users logo centered, Hero image (should take up the whole width of the page, centred in this hero image should be hero logo, below this section there should be the beat player with users beats. We should be able to hover over this beat in the live preview, it should scale 2 percent and we should be able to click on it to upload a beat. This opens a modal that makes all background blurry when it’s active and should allow the user to upload a beat. This beat should then appear in moje beaty. Saving this modal makes it all save.  below the beat player there should be footer with the users display name  make sure all tabs in the studio make sense

 all changes must be according to latest web design trends and proffesional  